Ankur Gupta: Okay, I have enabled captions now as the host.
Ankur Gupta: And AI Companion is, uh, started for this meeting, I think, by default.
Ankur Gupta: And I'm going to have to have another participant join.
Ankur Gupta: And check the behavior for them.
Ankur Gupta: And, uh, find out if, uh, I can get access to the…
Ankur Gupta: Transcripts, once the meeting is over, or do I have to…
Ankur Gupta: Record this meeting, or do something else to access the transcripts.
Ankur Gupta: I'm gonna have… I'm gonna have another participant join you.
Abhiram B.N.: Okay, as a participant, when I log in to this meeting, I see that I see a pop-up saying that the meeting is.
Abhiram B.N.: being transcribed with the A Companion.
Abhiram B.N.: And, uh, by default, I don't see any captions, but I do have the options to show CC.
Abhiram B.N.: which I can click on, and then I can see the captions, uh…
Abhiram B.N.: Which, uh, for the things that I'm speaking, so I can still see the captions for what I'm speaking. Let me see, uh, let me…
Abhiram B.N.: Speakers, the host and find what's the behavior.
Ankur Gupta: Okay, one of the things I am seeing, uh, with the captions being generated is that, uh.
Ankur Gupta: They are not of the highest quality.
Ankur Gupta: Especially when I'm speaking too fast.
Ankur Gupta: And I'm a little suspicious about the quality of the transcripts.
Ankur Gupta: If somebody is speaking in a manner that is not, uh…
Ankur Gupta: Completely…
Ankur Gupta: clear, uh…
Ankur Gupta: And I'm not sure of what happens either mehindi me bath kuru, Hindi or English mix karthi bath karu.
Ankur Gupta: behavior kia.
Ankur Gupta: So, this is going to be an important factor.
Ankur Gupta: And, uh…
Ankur Gupta: In fact, what I'm seeing is…
Ankur Gupta: The participants can…
Ankur Gupta: see the captions when other participants were speaking. They can't do anything with it.
Ankur Gupta: They cannot download it, they can sequence. I don't think that's a problem, but as I thought earlier.
Ankur Gupta: It is not, like, participants cannot see the captions for other speakers.
Ankur Gupta: Okay, I will end the meeting now, and let's see if I have access to the transcripts.